Update Onkyo source selection documentation (#27318)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/onkyo.markdown

onkyo --host 192.168.0.100 source=query
```

> If this returns multiple, comma-seperated values, use the first one, e.g. if `dvd,bd,dvd` is returned, use `dvd`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this returns multiple, comma-separated values, use the first one. For example, if `dvd,bd,dvd` is returned, use `dvd`.
```
